docs/source/business_rules.rst, before:

===============
Business Rules
===============

Which format could I use to enter a range of housenumbers?

When entering adresses of a dibe_relict there are several possible formats.

A numeric housenumber:

.. code::

    25
A housenumber with a letter as bisnumber: 

.. code::
 
    25A
A housenumber with a number as bisnumber:

.. code::

    25/1
A housenumber with bus number:

.. code::

    25 bus 3
A housenumber series: An enumeration of housenumbers seperated by commas:

.. code::

    25,27,29,31
A housenumber scope with an even difference: The housenumbers in between are found by adding 2:

.. code::

    25-31 -> 25, 27, 29, 31
A housenumber scope with an odd difference : The housenumbers in between are found by adding 2:

.. code::

    25-31 -> 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31
A housenumber scope with an even difference where the numbers in between are found by adding 1:

.. code::

    25-31m spring=False
A combination of housenumber scopes seperated by commas: Each scope follows the preceding rules:

.. code::

    25-31, 18-26
A bus number scope: The housenumbers with bus number in between are found by adding 1:

.. code::

    25 bus 3-7 -> 25 bus 3, 25 bus 4, 25 bus 5, 25 bus 6, 25 bus 7
A bus number scope: The housenumbers with bus number in between are found by taking the next letter in the alphabet:

.. code::

    25 bus C-F -> 25 bus C, 25 bus D, 25 bus E, 25 bus E
A housenumber scope with bisnumber: The housenumbers with bisnumber in between are found by adding 1:

.. code::

    25/3-7 -> 25/3, 25/4, 25/5, 25/6, 25/7
A housenumber scope with a letter as bisnumber: The housenumbers with bisnumber in between are found by taking the next letter in the alphabet:

.. code::

    25C-F -> 25C, 25D, 25E, 25F
A combination of bisnumber scopes, huisnumberscope and/or busnumber scopes:

.. code::

    25C-F, 28-32, 29 bus 2-5 -> 25C, 25D, 25E, 25F, 28, 30, 32, 29 bus 3, 29 bus 4, 29 bus 5
A combination of scopes and different types of housenumbers:

.. code::

    25C-F, 28-32, 25 bus 3 -> 25C, 25D, 25E, 25F, 28, 30, 32, 25 bus 3

Commit message:

PEP compliancy. Make the codebase more pythonic.
Code seemed to be fighting between Dutch and English. Everything
is English now.
Rewrote merger. Current code was very difficult to read with variables
'z', 'r', 'x', 'y'. And the merge code had a bug causing maximum
recursion dept issues (infinite loop).

Closes-Issues: #6, #7

docs/source/business_rules.rst, after:

===============
Business Rules
===============

Which format could I use to enter a range of house numbers?

When entering adresses of a dibe_relict there are several possible formats.

A numeric house number:

.. code::

    25

A house number with a letter as bisnumber:

.. code::
 
    25A

A house number with a number as bisnumber:

.. code::

    25/1

A house number with bus number:

.. code::

    25 bus 3

A house number series: An enumeration of house numbers seperated by commas:

.. code::

    25,27,29,31

A house number scope with an even difference: The house numbers in between are found by adding 2:

.. code::

    25-31 -> 25, 27, 29, 31

A house number scope with an odd difference : The house numbers in between are found by adding 2:

.. code::

    25-31 -> 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31

A combination of housenumber scopes seperated by commas: Each scope follows the preceding rules:

.. code::

    25-31, 18-26

A bus number scope: The house numbers with bus number in between are found by adding 1:

.. code::

    25 bus 3-7 -> 25 bus 3, 25 bus 4, 25 bus 5, 25 bus 6, 25 bus 7

A bus number scope: The house numbers with bus number in between are found by taking the next letter in the alphabet:

.. code::

    25 bus C-F -> 25 bus C, 25 bus D, 25 bus E, 25 bus E

A house number scope with bisnumber: The house numbers with bisnumber in between are found by adding 1:

.. code::

    25/3-7 -> 25/3, 25/4, 25/5, 25/6, 25/7

A house number scope with a letter as bisnumber: The house numbers with bisnumber in between are found by taking the next letter in the alphabet:

.. code::

    25C-F -> 25C, 25D, 25E, 25F

A combination of bisnumber scopes, huisnumberscope and/or busnumber scopes:

.. code::

    25C-F, 28-32, 29 bus 2-5 -> 25C, 25D, 25E, 25F, 28, 30, 32, 29 bus 3, 29 bus 4, 29 bus 5

A combination of scopes and different types of house numbers:

.. code::

    25C-F, 28-32, 25 bus 3 -> 25C, 25D, 25E, 25F, 28, 30, 32, 25 bus 3
